Release Notes for FG/NG Mar 15 2023 (#977)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/7_Connectors/connect-to-a-azure-repo.md

This topic explains how to connect your Harness Accounts, Organizations or Projects with one of the Azure Repos. You can do this by adding an Azure Repos connector to Harness.

### Important notes

* Make sure you have set up your Azure Project and Repo.
* Make sure you have **Create/Edit** permissions to add an Azure Repos connector in Harness.

:::note

>   Harness performs a `git clone` to fetch files. If the fetch is timing out, it can be because the repo is too large for the network connection to fetch it before timing out. To fetch very large repos from Azure Repo, enable the feature flag `OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES`. When this feature flag is enabled, Harness will use provider-specific APIs to improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness performs a git clone to fetch files. When fetching very large repositories, the network connection may time out. To fetch very large repositories from Azure Repo, enable the feature flag OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES. When this feature flag is enabled, Harness will use provider-specific APIs to improve performance.
```

>   This functionality is behind a feature flag: `OPTIMIZED_GIT_FETCH_FILES`.

Reviewer: remove this line as I added it in the beginning
